3D Pong Breaker
README
Tim Pusateri & Jon Richelsen
4/7/15

	Welcome to 3D Pong Breaker! This game combines 3D Pong and 
Brick Breaker. The objective of the game is to gain as many points as
possible and have a higher score than your opponent at the end of game-
play.
	To begin play, player 1 must act as a host and launch a hosting program
for player 2 to connect to. A few specifications must be made in various
program files in order for the game to run correctly. Firstly,
the CONSTANTS.py must contain the same data for both players. The data itself
can be configured if needed, so long as both players have the same data. The most
likely case in which this would be necessary is if the players' computer
screens can not fit the game window. Changing the SCREEN_WIDTH and SCREEN_HEIGHT
variable at the top of this file can solve this problem. We recommend the standard
600x600 size as is specified in the standard files. The other important configurations
will be estalishing the hosting port and the corresponding client connection address
and port. To do this follow the steps below:
	1)  In Host.py, locate the line at the bottom of the file that reads 
		"reactor.listenTCP(9313, Host_Factory())" and change the hosting port to
		a number of your choice (that is the '9313' number in the example above).
	2)  In Client.py, locate the line at the bottom of the file that reads
		"reactor.connectTCP('localhost', 9313, Client_Factory())" and change the
		the text between the singe quote marks to the hosting address ('localhost'
		in this example). Similarly, change the hosting port to the number specified
		in Host.py from step 1.

	Now you're ready to play! On the hosting computer, simply type "python2.6 Host.py"
at the command line. Your computer will now be waiting for player 2 to connect on the
client computer. Player 2 will then type "python2.6 Client.py" at his command line, and
play will begin.
	Each player will begin with the view of a 3D hallway with a wall of transparent bricks
which strangly resembles a checkerboard in the middle of the hallway. Each player will
also notice his paddle that begins with a ball on it. Players can launch their ball
by clicking the mouse or waiting approximately 8 seconds for the ball to launch on its
own. Follow the ball's green outline to determine where it is in the hallway, and try to
break as many bricks as you can! Use your mouse to position your paddle so that it hits
the ball away from you. You will also notice your opponent's gameplay occuring at
the opposite end of the hallway. If a ball passes through holes in the wall on either side,
it is fair play for the other player to use. But watch out! If a player lets a ball pass
behind them, the other player will gain points and a new ball will regenerate on the opponent's 
paddle. If you notice a ball lights up red, it means the ball has passed beyond a player's 
paddle. If you notice a ball lights up green, it means the ball has either collided with 
a brick and it will disappear, or with a paddle in which case it will bounce off. Lastly,
keep in mind that the ball will aquire the velocity and direction from the paddle that
hit it. Use this to your advantage!
	To end the game, the host must type "ctrl-c" at the command line. This will kill 
player 2's game, but he must also type "ctrl-c" at the command line to close his game
window.

Have fun!
